This file will contain all the informations needed to make your slider correctly.
(For the settings, and different modes, PLEASE CHECK THE IMAGES "Slider XXXX.png" for more informations.)
 
- Installation:
	(Not Available for now, please follow the ReadMe as you can, and use this project only if you know what you're doing)

- Reuploading code after the first upload ???
	PLEASE READ CAREFULY THIS SECTION !!!
	When you want to reupload code to your Arduino, you'll need to shortcut the RESET pin twice to enter RESET mode. 
	(make a button for it, it's way easier)
	You have to do that while the Arduino Studio upload is searching for your Arduino.
	Use windows audio notification to hear if the Arduino is in RESET mode.
	
	WARNING:
	If you are in Reset mode, but Arduino Studios didn't find it, it's because the second shortcut wasn't correctly timed.
	(make the two shortcuts/click on the buttons) Nice and slowly, do not rush the process.)
	
	IF YOU ARE IN RESET MODE BUT IT DIDN'T UPLOADED, DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING, YOUR ARDUINO WILL COME BACK IN WORKING STATE
	AFTER 8 SECONDS! You'll hear another WIndows Notification, and you'll see your slider having activity

	It's a difficult process that can easily block your arduino in a state you don't want 
	(waiting without connecting it can unblock it, it's "never" bricked)

- Buttons descriptions:
The ReadMe of this project contain the PinMapping to see what button goes to what Pin on your Arduino.
The functions buttons are...
	Switch Mode Button: 
		Let you change the actual mode of the Slider.
		So you can go in the Settings Mode, Navigation Mode if you lack of buttons to navigate in game, etc...
	Navigation Button:
		When you hold this button, all your buttons switch to other buttons, so if you lack of buttons on your
		controller, you'll have everything available. The Slider itself can be used as buttons.


- SAVE SETTINGS:
You can now Save and Load settings, so you can try a lot of different settings without worrying losing a working one.
When you are in Settings Mode:
	you can simply SAVE by pressing the Navigation Button, 
	and LOAD by pressing the START Button.

- Help for settings:
If you're not sure how to configure your slider, here some tips for each settings:

	Leds:
		Just make your leds at the power you want, depending of your current, 
		you will need to make it lower if you don't want to see the power going down time to time.

	Sensitivity:
		There is 2 options here : the touching threshold, and the release offset.
		Stronger you make your Touching Threshold, more you'll have to press the Slider to detect your fingers.
		Stronger you make your Release Offset, less it will keep trace of your finger once you touched it.
		
		So if you feel like it don't detect when touching, make Touch Threshold weaker.
		If you feel like the sensor loss trace of your finger while sliding, make Release Offset weaker.

	Filters Levels:
		Those are here to help you if you have false positive, but you don't want threshold settings to be stronger.
		The first one is the MPR Filter, it will change how many cycles the sensor have to be triggered before confirming it.
		The second one is a Custom filter that does the same, but at execution level.
		Please try to avoid using them, as it will create easier some holes in your sliding movement when you're going too fast.

	Leds Modes:
		Three modes are available:
		HORI -> When not touching, all LEDs are off, and only the touched sensors light up. (like the HORI controller)
		HORI + Arcade -> When not touching, the slider light up slowly.
		Arcade -> Same as the second one, but it also light off slowly, still slightly faster. (like the Arcade controller)

	Calibrate Strength:
		When you connect your controller, or pressing Switch Mode button twice, you enter the Calibration Phase. (Rainbow animation)
		DO NOT TOUCH THE SENSORS WHILE CALIBRATING !
		The strength setting ask how much Sensors should be validated before giving you control.
		More there is, more you slider have to have no issue to end the calibration.
		Less there is, more you'll have errors touching the sliders when you start touching it, but will end calibration still and should works.
